{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 possible avenues for exploration:\
\

\b Movement - 
\b0 \
\
Style of movement & controls. Right now the dragon moves on a single pivot, which makes sense for a 2 legged character, or a creature with a short body. Dragons should drive by either their front or hind legs. \
\
The movement simulation can remain nonexistent like it is currently, or there incremental steps to simulating basics to really trying to capture character movement in depth.\
\
The dragons do need some level of physicality. There needs to be a difference between a small speedy dragon, and a big powerful dragon, and everything in-between. \
\
\

\b Flight - 
\b0 \
\
Flight is in it's own separate category because it will behave very differently from ground controls. \
The transition to full flight would probably take intermediate steps, going from floaty jumps (like Yoshi's extended jump in Yoshi's island) to actually getting some forward momentum.\
\
The camera angle should change in full on flight mode and position behind the dragon since you will always be moving in a forward direction. \
\
In other games flight is a mode that toggles on and off, and the controls immediately change context. I imagine we will probably want more of a transition, where many of the controls you are already used to are still available while flying.\
\
I also think that elements like Wind speed and direction should play a big roll in flight. \
\

\b Combat - \
\

\b0 Combat is currently limited to the dragon only breathing fire. There should be other methods for attacking, and other creatures should be able to attack as well. \
\
(While grounded)\
\
Dragon Attacks:\
Breath - Already semi-implemented as fire\'85 \
Fire damage should build up over time, and an enemy should reach a critical point where it could catch fire. (Right now it catches fire immediately, and everything burns at a flat rate, it should definitely be more varied). \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\fs72 \cf0 DRAGON BUTT\
also fooood
\fs24 \
Biting: Small enemies should be able to be picked up in the dragon's mouth almost immediately. You shouldn't have to kill small creatures first before eating them, unless they have special properties (like a porcupine).  Not sure if biting should be used as a normal attack. \
\
Claws / Melee - Basic claw attack should always be available, so you always have something you can use if you don't have energy / stamina for anything else.\
\
Stealth:  you should have some sneakiness rating that allows you to creep up on other creatures based on their level of alertness, directed attention, or sensitivity to noise etc..  In order to sneak, the dragon could enter another state where it crouches and walks slower, and can do a leap attack while locked onto it's target (ala tokyo Jungle). \
\
Dodging - Some kind of back step\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \

\b0 (While in air):\
\
Definitely a dive attack, \
fire breath down (not sure if this should be a different button / input). \
\
Auto Targeting - Yay or nay? \
Could make strafing easier, \
would definitely help for landing certain types of attacks. 
\b \
\
Exploration -\
\
GameLoop (Eating, growing up) -\
\

\b0 So far you have calories that decrement over time, and eating food will increase calorie count.\
Calories are used to restore fire, and not much else.\
Stamina is not yet used, nor is HP. 
\b \
\
Enemies -\
\
Environmental hazards -\
\
\
Starting Attributes:\
\

\b0 Calories - Intake\
Calories are converted into Stamina and Fire, \
Hunger: As long as hunger is full, stamina and fire will be restored at normal rates\
If hunger is below normal, you we get a penalty to your regen\
If hunger is empty for too long, you might start taking HP damage\
\
Excess calories could be used for leveling up?
\b \
\
\
\

\b0 Possible Physical Attributes:
\b \
\

\b0 HP(Vitality, how much shit you can take before you kroke)\
\
Speed (Dexterity, ability to dodge, or turn quickly, or something)\
\
Stamina (Energy used to do actions, such as attacking, flapping wings, jumping, whatever)\
\
Weight (Momentum / Poise)\
\
Physical Strength\
\
Elemental (Breath type?) and Resistances\
\
GlideRatio (Holding altitude while gliding) \
- Non arrow dynamic dragons cause drag, like if you have a lot of spikes everywhere.\
\
Lift to Drag ratio - Overcome this to enable flight\
\
Wing Thrust - How much thrust each flap of the wings gives you. \
\
Air Maneuverability - Quickly change direction / speed\
wings - pitch, roll\
tail / fins - yaw\
\
}